public  education is run for the benefit
of  the teachers of the bureaucracy
his  are just collateral damage that is the problem what we really need to do is get the government
out  of
and  people think all that's terrible because if there was for the government providing education
nobody  would be educated that's not true
i  like saying you know the government needs to provide food now we get great food from the farmers
what  about our cell phone is a government man it's the free market everything
government  funding our government administration now i don't think the government should be involved in it i think all i think
so  what portraiture who don't have an internet connection or boorool
have  housing poor people have clothing they get plenty of things from the free market whatever you value
the  free market is going to provide for you in a better quality at a lower cost
and  if if if we got the government out of public
people  would pay
kids  to school but it wouldn't cost nearly as much and taxes would be a lot lower
because  she wouldn't have to pay taxes to support the public schools
my  tuition at a private school that would be a fraction of the cost because now you would have
you  know you know schools
against  each other who can provide the best education
at  the lowest possible cost everyone you do about or a homeless family a kid
parents  are mom as homeless or something like that there are examples where they wouldn't
the  innocent children right six years old read to go to kindergarten who has no money
for  education there is always going to be
schools  will give out scholarships
there's  private charities i mean it's not that the government has a monopoly on charity the problem is when the
government  does charity it's squanders percent of the money it's much more in
to  let it happen in the private sector
we  can educate ourselves much better
we  do it as profit rather than having the government do it you know the government didn't always
do  it but one easy way to at least get started a minimum
to  give out to
and  let parents pull their kids out of the public school
there  is a better option and i would propose you know
would  it let's say a city is
if  they just give you a voucher instead of that
you  take that and buy an education it's twice as good the taxpayers says seven
grand  and the kid gets a better education and i don't say this peterswalde draining
money  from the
the  poor struggling districts glove trying to make a difference and trying to improve their
their  bad basketball court in there a terrible cafeteria and their struggling trying to get by they don't have enough
money  to help a decent library in your hat waning their model in the private sector
a  company that was turning out a bad product that nobody wanted would go bankrupt so if we're draining money from
those  schools it should be drained what the schools will then have to do to survive is
improved  the quality of their product if they want to keep people in their schools they've got letters
stay  there and also i think what we should do with the boers to
allow  the prices to come down even lower and whatever you don't spend on your votes
you're  going to five thousand or voucher but you can buy tuition for three thousand dollars you put two thousand in the
college  fund and intercalate let it accumulate over time arizona's doing them yea
and  of course you know you know briefly mentioned college but you know the only reason colleges so expensive
is  because of all the government subsidies the government guarantee loathe government wasn't involved
college  would be very inexpensive it wouldn't be you know the cost that it is to think about when
the  cell phone first came out right in the cell phone was
first  of all it was like only the rich had cell phone at that point
and  it was very expensive to make a call
and  you couldn't even use it to any place because we are so many gaps in the coverage so they the wall street movie right it
was  a toy for the rich
and  let's assume the government said he these so phones are very important the govern need to provide
self  phones
only  the rich can have them but they're too important to be left to the ridge and if we turned over the
cell  phone business to the government
imagine  that disaster we would have created we never would have advanced from those first wall street all phones
and  how many people would even have them but now the government did nothing to govern wasn't involved at all
and  the poor have so phones there there since phones you know when they're picking up their welfare
checks  to telemarken did it to many education technology is
is  the way to get that direction is the way that you're talking about how cell phones had a competition
they  got cheaper and smaller and better and samothrace and sang with lots of things that came along
new
educational  model still looks very much like a did in the nineteenth century for many classrooms with a black
board  and a teacher at their front twenty five kids out it
technology
this  absolutely in fact technology lowers
why  is that not happening in education
because  all the incentives are the opposite all the incentives are to
because  of the way its structure the way the government subsidizes
so  what we need is market forces
bring  quality up and cast down instead of government intervention
quality  down and cast up